Here's one thing I want you to understand, right? First, I want you to create 40 coaches. I want you to create 40 coaches with, you know, like fake coaches that you have to populate on the website, and I want you to make sure that they have at least like two to three pictures, you know, to show. I want in the coach profile to have a testimonial section from all the clients that they did, something they did. Of course, what else they do have? Yeah, description of, yeah, description of the service that they're giving, testimonial section, and reviews, of course, because it's always important. And what else? You can kind of include their Instagram or their TikTok. It's always something to include. I don't know if you have to include like a booking capabilities in this, but I don't think so. I think it's okay like that. And I want on the website, somebody who doesn't have like an account on the website can actually just go on the website and see those coaches. The person doesn't need to be authenticated to actually see those stuff for the moment. You see what I'm saying? A client can just browse the website and select one coach to work with. I don't know if it makes sense to you. But as far as for coach, the person has to create a profile, has to upload, you know, it has to have a profile where you have to enter a description, the name of the coach, the location, the specialties of the coach, the testimonial of the coach that they have to put, and that's it. Well, somebody can actually use like a client who's like looking for a coach can actually have to create a profile. And then the person can, the client can actually can browse to find different coaches. And if the clients want, for example, to send a message, I think they have to authenticate, right? Don't you think so? And if they are satisfied by a service for a specific coach, they can actually add a review to that profile. You see what I'm saying? But I want that no matter if a client is authenticated or not, when they are reaching to the homepage, they are able to search for from different specialties, like they can actually search for different coaches. So can you do that?